refactor(lang-php+config-docker): Update things (#2025)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/languages/php.md

Gitpod supports PHP right out of the box, but more advanced features such as debugging can be configured, so here is how to do it!

> There is also an awesome community project that utilizes [ddev](https://github.com/drud/ddev) with Gitpod and makes things much easier.
> Be sure to check it out first from below!
>
> https://drud.github.io/ddev-gitpod-launcher/
>

> > With it you can do things like **`ddev xdebug on`**, define PHP version and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> With it, you can run XDebug out of the box, change PHP versions without restarting Gitpod workspace, and much more!
```
